CONSTITUTION OF THE MEME COMMUNIST PARTY SERVER
-----------------------------------------------


I. This Constitution shall be the Law that governs how the Meme Communist Party's government should function. This Constitution shall be executed and enforced by the Government.

II. The Government shall have a Head of State, a Prime Minister, and his or her Executive Council.

III. The Head of State shall always be the owner of the Server. The Head of State shall have the power to pass or veto a law made by the Prime Minister. The Head of State shall also have the power to remove the current Prime Minister if the incumbent of the Office is not suitable to be a Prime Minister.The Head of State also have the power to dissolve the current Executive Council for reasons mentioned above.

IV. The Prime Minister shall be elected by the members of the Server on the 6th day of every month. A Prime Minister term shall last 1 month. In order to be a Prime Minister, a member must be nominated by at least 1/3 of the members of the server, have more votes than other candidates and be confirmed by the Head of State. Bots, candidates or alternative accounts are prohibited from voting or entering the election. Prime Minister shall have the power to submit laws to the Head of State to be passed into a new law.

V. The Executive Council shall be the organization that advises the Prime Minister to govern the Server. To be a Member of the Executive Council(MEC), a member of the Server must be appointed by the current Prime Minister and be confirmed by the Head of State.
The Executive Council shall be dissolved when the term of the current Prime Minister ends.

VI. In order for a new law to be made, the Prime Minister should submit that law to the Head of State and explain how that will help the Server. The Prime Minister can have a meeting with the Executive Council to discuss on the law, but that is not required. The Executive Council's opinions shall not affect the Prime Minister final decision, but the Prime Minister should take their opinions into account before making the final decision. A law shall not be passed if it only benefits the Government, a member of members of the Government, causes harm to the Server, obstructs Freedom of Speech, Freedom of Expression or any other basic rights.

VII. A Prime Minister can be removed from his/her position by other members of the Server.
If members are not content with the current Prime Minister, they can start a poll for the current Prime Minister to be removed. The Prime Minister shall be removed from the Office if at least 1/3 members vote yes in the poll and the number of people who vote yes is larger than the number of people who vote no, and if the decision is confirmed by the Head of State. The Executive Council appointed by that Prime Minister shall also be dissolved when that Prime Minister is removed.

VIII. To change anything in this Constitution, the Prime Minister shall start a poll and let other members of the Server to vote on the change. If that change is approved by more than 1/3 of the members of the Server and is confirmed by the Head of State, that change in the Constitution shall be made.
 